
R001	Storage	Retention: The system shall retain data for a minimum of 1 year.	Data can be queried going back 1 year.	High
R002	Ingestion	Data source variety: The system shall be able to consume events from a variety of log sources including app logs, OS logs, identity logs, and platform logs, from a variety of locations 	Multiple event sources can be shown in the system.	High
R003

Normalization	Log normalization: The system shall normalize logs as necessary to support correlation and efficient queries.	Queries can be issued in the system to consume data efficiently.	High
R004	Correlation	Correlation: The system shall allow disparate events to be linked together to perform higher-level insight.	A correlation rule can be written to combine events.  This could be combining the same type of event over a time range, events from different systems, or another type of correlation.	High
R005	Correlation, Integration	Threat intelligence monitoring: The system shall support consumption of lists and feeds of threat indicators with no greater than a 10 minute delay, triggering a match/alert when there is overlap with the event stream.	At a minimum a feed from the Equifax threat intelligence system of record can be consumed and any matches will generate an alert or a report.	High
R006	Enrichment, Integration	Business context: The system shall support consumption of business context data so that events can have additional data tagged/added to the event record.  This should happen early in the data flow pipeline so downstream stages can leverage this additional data.	At a minimum data from the IT Asset Management (ITAM) system is consumed so devices and owners can be attached to events.	Medium
R007	Integration	Ticketing system integration: The system shall integrate with the ticket management system of record so that events of interest can automatically generate a ticket in the queue for the appropriate team.	The system of record for Equifax is ServiceNow so the system will need to be able to integrate with it to create a ticket in the correct queue.	High
R008	Presentation	Short-term query: The system shall support the ability for analysts to perform queries for up to 7 days with results returned in under 5 minutes.	A simple query for an IP address or hostname in the system responds in less than 5 minutes.	High
R009	Presentation	Long-term query: The system shall support the ability for analysts to perform queries for up to 365 days with results returned in under 15 minutes.	A simple query for an IP address or hostname in the system responds in less than 15 minutes.	High
R010	Presentation	Reporting: The system shall support short-term reports and long-term reports, customized by the user and flexible in how and where it is delivered.	A report can be designed by a user in the system, and can be captured and sent via email.	Medium
R011	Storage	Event geographic affinity: The system shall support storing data from one geographic region in the same geographic region for compliance purposes.	An event generated in the UK can be stored in the UK (same for the US and other specific geo regions).	High
R012	Ingestion	Ingest availability: The system shall incorporate redundancy in the ingest layer so that if one component fails, events are still able to be captured.	The ingest layer can support a node going down and still consume events.	High
R013	Storage	Storage redundancy: The system shall have storage redundancy so that individual components can fail but a copy of the data still exists.	A copy of the data can be retrieved in multiple ways or from different components in the event of a simulated failure.	High
R014	Correlation, Presentation	Alerting: The system shall support user-defined near-real-time (NRT) alerts that can trigger additional actions (such as generating a ticket through the ticket management system integration).  Alert definition should be open, user-readable, and user-editable.	A user-defined alert can be defined, and can trigger an action (such as a ticket being created).	High
R015	Storage, Presentation, Integration	Access control: The system shall be able to restrict access to data as it is stored, presented to users, and exchanged with other systems.  Access should be able to be defined by user, role, or group including the ability to restrict access to data by geographic region.	A user can be added to a read-only group and can query data but not perform changes.  A user can be added to a read-write group and can make a configuration change.	High
R016	Storage, Presentation, Integration	Access auditing: The system shall fully log all access to the data, and those audit logs are retained for a minimum of 1 year.  	When a user logs in, that login event can be viewed in the access log.	High
R017	All	Encryption at rest: The system shall encrypt all data that is persisted to disk.  That includes the storage layer as well as any local buffers or cache.	When checking configuration of storage repositories, any options related to encryption for storage are enabled.	High
R018	All	Encryption in transit: The system shall use encrypted network communication sent over commodity network links.	When network traffic is sent between components (ingestion to normalization for example), that traffic is encrypted.	High
R019	Storage, Presentation	Data separation for regulatory compliance: The system shall comply with any regulations that apply to the collection, storage, and dissemination of data used for security purposes.  This includes but is not limited to FISMA.	Data can be queried in different locations depending on the compliance boundary.	High
R020	Storage	Data completeness: The system shall reliably, completely, and provably capture 99.999% of logs that are sent to it.	A spot check of at least 10 different events can be matched from the true source into the Enterprise Logging Service.	High
R021	All	Health monitoring:  The system shall capture health information regarding the availability of its services, and shall provide notifications when any component experiences a failure.	When a component such as one of the ingestion nodes goes down, an email notification is sent to the Engineering ops team.	High
R022	Integration, Presentation	Notifications: The system shall support flexible notification options including triggering APIs from third-party systems, exposing APIs for third-party systems to invoke, and sending emails.  This notification system is related to/used in alerting, reporting, and health monitoring.	An alert can be configured to generate an email and when that alert fires and email is received.	Medium
R023	Integration, Presentation	Authentication: The system shall support Active Directory authentication with support for industry standard protocols such as OAuth 2.0 and multi-factor authentication for confirming a user's identity.	When logging in a user will be prompted for their Active Directory username and password along with providing an additional factor for authentication.	High
R024	Integration, Presentation	User Provisioning: The system shall integrate Access Manager (Sailpoint) for user account provisioning and entitlement review.	A user wanting access to the system can request access via Equifax Access Manager application.	Medium
